Mr. Keating's image is very rich in this film, and his education is also very successful. Next, I will analyze why Mr. Keating can succeed from the three rhetorical strategies.Ethos: building trust enables others to believe in you.The trust of the audience is crucial for a speaker. Without trust, they won't be persuaded, leading to the failure of your objectives. Mr. Keating successfully established trust with his students, which was crucial to his success. As a teacher, Mr. Keating was exceptionally knowledgeable and talented. As a distinguished graduate of the college and a Cambridge alumnus, he could effortlessly quote lines from famous poets. He was also very approachable and mingled well with his students, making it easy for them to accept him. He respected his students and never discouraged them, which endeared him to them.For instance, Mr. Keating would whistle as he entered the classroom, which made the students feel unique. When asking students questions, even if they gave incorrect answers, he would respond in an amusing way. He could quote from Whitman's poems effortlessly and never needed to refer to his textbook during class. He preferred his students to call him "My Captain" instead of "Sir." With such methods, the students were willing to accept Mr. Keating and sought his help when facing problems (like Neil with his drama issues). He successfully established trust with his students.Pathos: appeal using emotion to convince the audienceAppeals to emotion are necessary to motivate people to action and the speaker¡¯s passion is also certainly important. Using this strategy, Mr. Keating inspired students to begin seriously contemplating their own values. Not only was Mr. Keating passionate, but he was also able to fully mobilize his students' passions, evoke emotional resonance, and convert this passion into motivation for the students.We can see one of our protagonists, Anderson, who was initially very cowardly and inept at expressing himself. When called upon by Mr. Keating to read a poem, he was extremely timid. However, by the end, when Mr. Keating left the class, he was indeed the first among all the students to stand up, displaying a courage that is very admirable. Another example is Neil, who was initially forced by his father to quit his editing job and dared not rebel. But later, he was able to break the shackles on him for the sake of his dreams. So we can understand that Mr. Keating truly evoked emotional resonance among the students.Logos ¨C depend on logic and facts to persuade the audienceNo matter how skilled the speaker is, it is difficult to convince the audience without a strong logic. Mr. Keating used rigorous logic and facts to enable students to comprehend right and wrong on their own. He guided students rather than imposing rules on them. This made the students' understanding more profound.During an outdoor walking class, Mr. Keating showed the students how they walked and explained why everyone walked differently, helping them realize that they were unique individuals. In the poetry appreciation class, he used undeniable logic to explain why Dr. Evans Pritchard's method was not good. These experiences encouraged the students to think beyond the confines of textbook content and become individuals with independent thinking abilities.In summary, Mr. Keating skillfully employed these three techniques to help students understand how to evaluate and study poetry. He used them all to perfection, building a strong foundation of trust and evoking emotional resonance among the students. This made them realize that the purpose of their learning was not to become learning machines, but to become truly human beings.The story unfolds in the kingdom of Andalasia, a world full of magic and fairy tales. Giselle is a beautiful and kind-hearted girl in the kingdom. She falls in love with Prince Edward at first sight, and they decide to get married the next day. However, some people did not want this wedding to happen. Due to her fear that Giselle would take away her power, the queen devises a plan to push her into a "bottomless hole," intending to make her disappear forever.Giselle travels to a completely different world-Manhattan in New York. In this bustling and prosperous real world, Giselle feels both confused and helpless. She doesn't understand why people get divorced. At her most helpless moment, she meets Robert, a lawyer who specializes in divorce cases, and his daughter Morgan.Initially surprised by Giselle's arrival, Robert and Morgan are quickly captivated by her innocence and kindness. They temporarily take her in and help her adapt to this new world. In this process, Giselle gradually learns to understand the complexity and diversity of human society.Meanwhile, Prince Edward also learns about Giselle's ordeal and decides to follow her into the real world. In his search for Giselle, he and his servant create many jokes and encounter the queen's obstruction. However, he does not give up and finally succeeds in finding Giselle.At a ball, the queen once again attempts to destroy Giselle and Edward's happiness. She gives Giselle a poisoned apple, and Giselle, after biting it, falls into a coma. Edward tries to revive Giselle with a kiss but fails. At a critical moment, Robert tries to kiss Giselle, and she miraculously comes to life. It turns out that in this process, Giselle has fallen in love with Robert, and Robert has also developed deep feelings for her.After a fierce battle, Edward, Robert, and Giselle finally defeat the queen. In the end, Edward falls in love with Robert's girlfriend Nancy and decides to take her back to the fairy tale world. Giselle chooses to stay in the real world and start a new life with Robert and Morgan.The film ends with a happy ending, as Giselle finds her own happiness and true love in the real world. Her story also tells us that no matter where we are, as long as we remain innocent and kind, we will surely find our own happiness.